# Nebula - A Java EE Chat Application

Nebula will be a web-based chat application that takes the user’s device location
and displays a collection of chat rooms generated by messages that have been left in
that location by other users. Think of it as leaving a note when you are in your lecture
hall. Other users can write on that note and communicate with each other. Then after a
set period of time, the note or chat is marked as stale and is destroyed by the web
server.

## Requirements
R1. The web server must handle REST client calls that are authenticated against a
session token.

R2. The client calls must contain token data, message information (message,
images, etc.), and GPS location information from the client device.

R3. The client website must be able to get the location of the client device and
provide coordinates to the web server when a message is sent or requested.

R4. The client website must be capable of displaying on modern iOS/Android mobile
web browsers as well as desktop browsers.

R5. The web server should be able to dynamically manage threads based on
inactivity and on location.

R6. The web server must be able to keep data sorted in a way that allows quick
retrieval.

NR1. The system may support images.

NR2. The system may support a self-moderation system, à la reddit.

NR3. The client application may conform to modern standards of usability.

## Constraints & Design Issues
DI1. We anticipate complexities with message sorting on the backend that will allow
for quick retrieval based on location data.

DI2. Responsive design on the frontend will be complex depending the resources
available.

C1. Use Java EE for the web service.

C2. Use MySQL for data storage.

C3. No frameworks for backend.

C4. Final product must be delivered on April 24th, 2018.

C5. Client application must run on modern hardware.

## Deliverables

See issues.